README.md, before:

# Toxic Situation: A Bi-Coastal Perspective

Project Description/Outline: Our project is to shine light on the effect of pollution to the Western and Eastern Coastal Regions of the United States. We'll examine relationships between the types of pollutants found on each coast, the effects it has on biodiversity (on water), highlight efforts to rectifying this problem, and more.

Research Questions: What type of pollutants are predominantly found in these areas? What are the source of the top two/three primary sources of pollution in these areas? How long has pollutants collected in these regions (specify trends in changes)? What can we do to help truncate the number of pollution built up?

Datasets to be Used: 
https://www.data.gov/ecosystems/

Rough Breakdown of Tasks
D - Pull the Data & Clean
Kaleah - Analyzing/Graphing Data & Presenting the Data
Enjoli - Presenting and Clean the Data
Saeeda - Clean Data and build graphs
Chelsea - Analyze the Data
Kareem - Analyze the Data & Present the Data

Project Timeline
By Saturday, Jan 25th : Get the Data
By Jan 27th : Clean the Data (Coding)
By Jan 30th : Visual Representation Created (Graphing)
By Feb 1st : Start Analyzing Data & Trends
By Feb 4th : Presentation



Hypothesis:
The west coast has more non-point pollution, and the east coast has more point-pollution, based on the density of oil rigs and oil spills in these regions, based on the last 5 years. The west coast has more non-point pollution based on coastal population density and GDP and environmental regulations.

Leading Questions:
How much non-point and point pollution is on each coast?
Non-point - oceanconservancy website
Point - NOAA

What is the population density for each coast?
	Census.gov

What is the total estimated GDP for each coast?
	https://apps.bea.gov/API/signup/index.cfm

What states have environmental laws or regulations that could impact these results?
	https://www.epa.gov/beach-tech/laws-protect-our-oceans

Commit message:

Added the proposal update to include state data

README.md, after:

# Toxic Situation: A Bi-Coastal Perspective

Project Description/Outline: Our project is to shine light on the effect of pollution to the Western and Eastern Coastal Regions of the United States. We'll examine relationships between the types of pollutants found on each coast, the effects it has on biodiversity (on water), highlight efforts to rectifying this problem, and more.

Research Questions: What type of pollutants are predominantly found in these areas? What are the source of the top two/three primary sources of pollution in these areas? How long has pollutants collected in these regions (specify trends in changes)? What can we do to help truncate the number of pollution built up?

Datasets to be Used: 
https://www.data.gov/ecosystems/
https://https://oceanconservancy.org/
https://www.noaa.gov/
https://Census.gov
https://apps.bea.gov/API/signup/index.cfm
https://www.epa.gov/frs/epa-state-combined-csv-download-files



Rough Breakdown of Tasks
D  & Enjoli - Pull and analyze the data on the laws and regulations in each coastal state
Kaleah - Pull and analyze the census data for the coastal states
Saeeda & Kareem - Pull and analyze the point and non-point pollutants in each state along the coasts
Chelsea - Pull and analyze the GDP data for each coastal state

Project Timeline
By Saturday, Jan 25th : Get the Data
By Jan 27th : Clean the Data (Coding)
By Jan 30th : Visual Representation Created (Graphing)
By Feb 1st : Start Analyzing Data & Trends
By Feb 4th : Presentation



Hypothesis:
The west coast states have more non-point pollution, and the east coast states have more point-pollution, based on the density of oil rigs and oil spills in these regions from 2014 to 2018. The states along the west coast have more non-point pollution based on coastal population density and GDP and environmental regulations.

Leading Questions:
How much non-point and point pollution is on each coast by state that could impact these reults?
Non-point - oceanconservancy website
Point - NOAA

What is the population density for each state along the coasts that could impact these reults?
	Census.gov

What is the total estimated GDP for each state along the coasts that could impact these reults?
	https://apps.bea.gov/API/signup/index.cfm

What states have environmental laws or regulations that could impact these results?
	https://www.epa.gov/beach-tech/laws-protect-our-oceans
